change formulas to inline (#81)
trilitech/tezos-developer-docs: src/pages/baking/baking-explained/index.md

The minimum time delay between two blocks is <:MINIMAL_BLOCK_DELAY:> seconds, reached if the baker is of priority 0 and has gathered at least 66.7% of the endorsements. If the priority 0 baker fails to bake, the priority 1 baker may then bake after a certain time, defined by a so-called round duration function.

> To be able to bake as rapidly as possible, the baker must gain enough endorsements (66.7%, that is, endrosements with endrosing power of at least 4,667 out of 7,000). Rounds follow the structure below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To be able to bake as rapidly as possible, the baker must gain enough endorsements (66.7%, that is, endorsements with endorsing power of at least 4,667 out of 7,000). Rounds follow the structure below:
```
